Homework 10
Abby Padilla
11.15.24

1. PDO - built in class that comes packaged with PHP, making it very easy to interact with databases.
   Represents and manages the connection to the database, running queries through it. Through these, 
   PHP is going to take SQL as input and return results from the database and store it in a variable.
   DSN - Data Source Name - string representing the connection to our database, containing information 
   about our connection, and should be coming from an .env file–not one sent to github
2. .env file - file containing environment variables, which are variables whose values are set outside 
   the program, typically through a functionality built into the operating system. File will exist in 
   the environment(OS) that the application is running on and set variables specific to the environment.
   .gitignore file - text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project
3. No, passwords of any kind should never be uploaded to github.
4. SQL injection - hack when a hacker tries to run malicious sql code in a database.
5. Prepared statements - parameterized and reusable SQL query forcing the developer to write the SQL 
   command and the user-provided data separately, with the command is executed safely and SQL Injection 
   vulnerabilities are prevented.
   Variables can be passed to a prepared statement through prepare, in which an SQL statement template 
   is created and sent to the database. Certain values are left unspecified, called parameters (labeled 
   "?%22). The database parses, compiles, and performs query optimization on the SQL statement template, 
   and stores the result without executing it. Then, execute, at which a later time, the application binds 
   the values to the parameters, and the database executes the statement. The application may execute the 
   statement as many times as it wants to with different values, and is much more optimized than running 
   the base query with different values each time.
